---
## 1.

• A Game2048 class must be created.

• The Game2048 class must be public.
• The Game2048 class must inherit the Game class.
• The Game2048 class must have a statement that imports the entire contents of the com.codegym.engine.cell.
---

## 2.

• In the Game2048 class, the initialize() method of the Game parent class must be overridden.

• The SIDE variable must be created in the Game2048 class.
• The SIDE variable must be private, static, and final, and must be an int.
• The SIDE variable must be initialized to 4.
• The initialize() method must call the setScreenSize(SIDE, SIDE) method.

---

## 3.

•A private int[][] (matrix or two-dimensional int array) gameField field must be created in the Game2048 class.
• The matrix size must be SIDExSIDE.
• A void createGame() method must be created in the Game2048 class.
• The createGame() method must be called in the initialize() method.

---

## 4.

• A private void drawScene() method must be created in the Game2048 class.
• The drawScene() method must call the setCellColor(int, int, Color) method for each cell.
• In the initialize() method, the drawScene() method must be called last.
• All tiles must be painted the same color.

---

## 5.

• A private void createNewNumber() method must be created in the Game2048 class.
• The createNewNumber() method should call getRandomNumber(SIDE) twice and getRandomNumber(10) once.
• The createNewNumber() method must assign a new value of 2 or 4 (with a probability of 90% and 10%, respectively) to a random empty cell in the gameField matrix.
• The createGame() method must call the createNewNumber() method twice.

## 6.

• A private Color getColorByValue(int value) method must be created in the Game2048 class. It must return a cell color based on its value.
• A private void setCellColoredNumber(int x, int y, int value) method must be created in the Game2048 class.
• The setCellColoredNumber(int, int, int) method must call the getColorByValue(int) method.
• The setCellColoredNumber(int, int, int) method must call the setCellValueEx(int, int, Color, String) method.
• The setCellColoredNumber(int, int, int) method must change the color of a tile depending on its value.
• The setCellColoredNumber(int, int, int) method must not display a tile's value if it is 0.
• In the drawScene() method, the call to the setCellColor(int, int, Color) method must be replaced by setCellColoredNumber(int, int, int), so that the values and colors of the tiles on the game board correspond to the values in the gameField matrix.

## 7.

• A private boolean compressRow(int[] row) method must be created in the Game2048 class.
• The compressRow(int[]) method must be implemented in accordance with the task conditions.
• The compressRow(int[]) method must return true if it made changes to the incoming array; and false, if no changes were made.

## 8.

•A private boolean mergeRow(int[] row) method must be created in the Game2048 class.
•The mergeRow(int[]) method must be implemented in accordance with the task conditions.
•The mergeRow(int[]) method must return true if it made changes to the incoming array; and false, if no changes were made.

## 9.

• The onKeyPress(Key key) method must be overridden in the Game2048 class.
• A private void moveLeft() method must be created in the Game2048 class.
• The private void moveRight() method must be created in the Game2048 class.
• The private void moveUp() method must be created in the Game2048 class.
• The private void moveDown() method must be created in the Game2048 class.
• The moveLeft() method must be called in the onKeyPress(Key) method when the left arrow key is pressed.
• The moveRight() method must be called in the onKeyPress(Key) method when the right arrow key is pressed.
• The moveUp() method must be called in the onKeyPress(Key) method when the up arrow key is pressed.
• The moveDown() method must be called in the onKeyPress(Key) method when the down arrow key is pressed.

## 10.

• The moveLeft() method must move to the left and merge the elements of the gameField matrix in accordance with the rules of the game.
• The moveLeft() method must call the compressRow(int[]) method at least once for each row of the gameField matrix.
• The moveLeft() method must call the mergeRow(int[]) method at least once for each row of the gameField matrix.
• The moveLeft() method must add a tile using the createNewNumber() method if a move or merger has occurred.
• The moveLeft() method must not change the contents of the gameField matrix if neither a move nor a merger is possible.
• The onKeyPress(Key) method must call the drawScene() method if an arrow key has been pressed (Key.UP, Key.RIGHT, Key.LEFT, Key.DOWN).

## 11.

• The private void rotateClockwise() method must be created in the Game2048 class.
• The rotateClockwise() method should rotate the gameField matrix clockwise by 90 degrees. See the example.

## 12.

• The moveRight() method must move the elements of the gameField matrix to the right in accordance with the rules.
• The moveRight() method must not change the gameField matrix if moving to the right is impossible.
• The moveUp() method must move the elements of the gameField matrix up in accordance with the rules.
• The moveUp() method must not change the gameField matrix if moving up arrow is impossible.
• The moveDown() method must move the elements of the gameField matrix down in accordance with the rules.
• The moveDown() method must not change the gameField matrix if moving down is impossible.
